you know how ryan reynolds plays himself
in every movie and we love it well
here's another one of those deadpool
discovers vr chat brought to you by
keeps we start things off being blessed
by ryan's perfect voice as he narrates
honestly he puts me to shame these right
here are the sunglasses people this one
is channing tatum those who don the
dripped out shades can do whatever their
heart desires in this virtual world
known as free city imagine if gta and
fortnite had a baby and that baby
adopted deadpool this is free guy his
name guy he's got a goldfish an iconic
blue shirt and he loves medium sized
coffee with two sugars unlike the
sunglasses people guy can't just have
everything he wants
[Music]
oh relatable but despite a few setbacks
life is
good guy works at a bank with his buddy
buddy while tending to an old couple guy
reflects on the void in his life i feel
like i'm missing something i feel like
peanut butter without jelly before he
can complete that thought robert stormed
the building
that is an excessive amount of shooting
everyone is deaf now the bank employees
and patrons submit to their captors with
no resistance it's almost like this is a
routine for them the best buddies take
cover while guy shares his feelings
there's this girl living rent free in my
mind i gotta find her she doesn't exist
she's just a fantasy don't you dare talk
about my wife who like that meanwhile
could this be the girl whoever she is
she's a badass she's on a mission for
truth and this guy's got a tip
apparently the video she's looking for
is stored in this guy's stash house
however the unknown merchant is quite
nosy so our femme fatale flashes the
blicky you're so feisty
we let her see her on the street wow
she's able to predict everything
everyone says except for guy as they
cross paths he comments on the song she
was humming instead of his usual line
don't have a good day have a great day
once they lock eyes it's game over for
guy he's shook she walks past and he
can't take his eyes off her fatty buddy
i gotta go talk to her man she's wearing
sunglasses we can't talk to those people
girls do love confidence
just don't get run over in the process
we transition over to the real world
where we meet the girl behind molotov
girl millie she watches the trailer for
free city too before waitress tells her
to go away you sure are addicted to that
game lady no no i just have a lawsuit
against the company and i'm looking for
something
i wish we weren't closing so i could
hear more about this unnecessary the
next morning in free city something's
different though as per usual guy heads
for a coffee but he has a different
order in mind i'm feeling frisky today
let's try a
cappuccino
the barista along with everyone else
seems to malfunction as guy tries to
order something different everybody gets
a medium with two sugars here somebody's
about to get shot well that escalated
quickly guy laughs it off pretending he
was joking and proceeds with the usual
after he leaves she can be seen staring
off at the coffee and contemplating
maybe there's more to this life like
espressos and macchiatos moving on just
as always his bank gets robbed but this
time he spots the fatty once more buddy
i i gotta do something hi
mr robber i'm gonna need your sunglasses
he's just an npc where's that
[ __ ] guy gets his virtual butt
beat however through the power of
simping he overcomes the foe before him
oh my god how could you do that guy he's
just resting i'm starting to realize i
have the same humor as ryan reynolds
anyway guy runs out and gives the
sunglasses a try what the hell did that
barista put in my coffee but that's not
the case at all guy you're simply in a
video game look there's a health pack
give it a shot feel brand new don't you
then this goofball conveniently bogs
himself and lands right next to guy ooh
money let's see how much we got
so much money
hello
hey guys mini movies here did you know
i'm exceedingly bald and that's why it
keeps sponsoring this video to help me
and to help you did you know two-thirds
of men start losing their hair by the
time they're 35
that's alarming
indeed it is
stay tuned
stay tuned for more information
trust me you don't want to lose your
hair once it's too late it's over just
look at jeff bezos the richest man in
the world and he's still bald that's why
it's imperative you start keeps as soon
as this problem rears its balding ahead
results often take four to six months so
the sooner you start using keeps the
better it's an extremely effective
science-backed and affordable way to
prevent and even reverse hair loss keeps
offers generic versions of fta approved
medications that won't break the bank if
you want hair like me
and you're ready to take action to
prevent hair loss go to keeps.com minute
movies or click the link in the
description to receive 50 off your first
order that's k-e-e-p-s dot com slash
minute movies all together seriously buy
it
look at that hair go that's right my guy
take all you can get then we cut to keys
one of the game's developers he's left
rather perplexed about the npc that
against all odds ice the player he must
be a player that somehow hacked himself
to have an npc skin boot the trash ass
noob ban him for life you're done ah
gamer lingo the kids will love this keys
and mouser hop into the game donning a
mustache and a bunny suit meanwhile guy
confidently steps out of his store with
some new kicks the devs track him down
and question him how'd you get that skin
mostly genetics i think he has no idea
what they're talking about guy just
thinks he's a guy all right let's ban
this noob a chase and zeus leading them
all to a construction site before things
get deadly guy discovers an interesting
feature of his shoes
no matter we have developer powers the
pair worked their way up and corner
scared guy they unload on him but seem
to have the aim of star troopers guy
runs off towards a wrecking ball and
picks up some trinkets along the way
i kid you not the song wrecking ball
literally plays in this moment
fortunately one of the trinkets comes in
handy a guy lands safely and celebrates
his victory
that just happened after we learned more
about keystone news clip looks like he
was working on a game himself and his
partner was millie the game was called
life itself and it featured a
revolutionary ai engine where characters
could learn and evolve we also see
millie ask for a medium sized coffee
with two sugars huh interesting at his
house keys runs into millie who's broken
in it can't be seen with you it's in
violation of the nda we learned that the
company behind free city tsunami bought
their code but supposedly didn't use it
however millie believes otherwise i
found a clue just please help me get in
no no i don't think i will keys tells
her to get lost then we come back to
free city this morning gaix claims that
today is going to be different and he's
not wrong he picks out a slightly
different blue shirt this time meanwhile
millie heads to the stash house and
prepares to strike suddenly this lovable
goofball shows up hey
who are you uh hi i followed you oh cool
i thought you were an npc lol uh-oh the
guard spotted them millie whips out a
portal gun and guy follows they proceed
to chat in her stash house listen guy if
you want to hang out with a baddie with
a fatty like me you need to level up is
one the best there's literally nothing
lower get back to me when you're over
100. fair enough we proceed with a
montage of guy leveling up but not in
the traditional way instead of robbing
and blasting he's helping and saving it
doesn't take long for him to become a
viral sensation you even got the likes
of green pewdiepie and fortnite
pewdiepie commenting on the so-called
blue shirt guy they even love him in
japan and china
guy's racking up the levels and soon
enough he's a full on badass he hits
these goons with the boom bam pow bop
arena and claims the final level up he
needs before returning to the action guy
pays a visit to the bank but he's been
worried about him and guy just wants him
to see the light some robbers pull up
and now that guy's an alpha male he
takes control here buddy put on these
glasses
no okay whatever guy turns his sights to
this bombshell and lets her know that
she can do better you deserve a nice guy
and like all nice guys guy finishes last
where are you going meanwhile millie
gives the stash house mission another
shot this time she's convinced keys to
help all right keys open it up hold on i
haven't even wiped yet okay it's open
milly heads in grabs the video she needs
but the place is booby trapped with
spawn points she quickly finds herself
overwhelmed there's nothing i can do to
help now millie wait why not plot
convenience gotcha fortunately our boy
pops in for a visit
was that cool thank you blue shirt guy
very cool the pair face off against a
colorful cast of bad guys though guy
ends up just staring at millie doing her
thing in slow motion why are you smiling
like that stop one of the baddies turn
their sights to guy and
he takes him to snap city then even more
goons pull up so guy gets on his bike
and insists they leave millie jumps on
in the coolest manner possible and asks
an important question is that a glock in
your pocket no i'm just happy to see you
okay but seriously there's two glocks in
there milly blasts away while guy 360 is
away on the bike then they decide it's
time to cut their losses in skedaddle
they leave without the video but at
least they became friends along the way
back in the real world keys gets a
message alerting him of antoine's
arrival that's the company's quirky and
kind of evil ceo though he comes through
with good spirits this blue shirt guy is
straight busting amongst the millennials
hey our team can we upgrade him let's
make him jacked then he clowns on keys a
bit before departing nonetheless keys
remains determined and continues to
investigate who exactly guy is back in
vr chat or whatever millie inquires as
to why guys doing all this i don't know
i guess i just felt stuck yeah but like
who are you i'm just a guy ho ho ha p
comedy right there of course guy is
still clueless about the reality of what
he is and so is millie suddenly things
take a turn for the romantic guy leans
in and no no no not doing that
afterwards they go on a little ice cream
day guy has a rather odd taste in ice
cream i love bubble gum ice cream what
no way me too it's like you're in my
head guy the pair enjoyed the cursed
flavor of ice cream before spotting a
swing set another thing they both love
i'm starting to see a pattern here and
apparently so is keys while checking the
code of various npcs he makes a
discovery
meanwhile millie knows how odd it is
that they both like the same coffee ice
cream and swing sets then guy goes in
for the kill i really want to kiss you
okay the embrace for a sensual kiss guy
thoroughly enjoys the moment while
millie kind of just sits there yeah
almost forgot about that part didn't you
guy is ecstatic but millie has to go i
think someone's at the door i'll say if
you know what he means she suggests they
meet up in the real world one day but
this just leaves guy befuddled turns out
it's your boy keys at the door milly the
demigorgon wait wrong show keys is in
fact there to report his findings milly
our code worked it is in the game the
npcs are evolving it started with blue
shirt guy and now it's spreading wait my
guy i thought he was a hacker or
something keys continues as millie sits
there dumbfounded the barista learned
how to make cappuccinos and the
bombshell girl wrote an essay on the
patriarchy it's a little preaching part
but overall it's pretty good then millie
reveals that she kissed guy keys is
definitely a little jealous but
nonetheless he's spinning straight facts
he's like
four huh you're right moving on keys
realizes that free city two is just an
attempt to start over a way for anton to
delete all evidence of his code stealing
if they don't act soon guy along with
his virtual world will be god forever
after keys leaves millie heads back in
and fetch his guy i have to tell you
something me mary
well it's a little worse than that
millie takes him to the multiplayer
lounge and drops a truth bomb on him
you're not real this is a game there's a
whole ass other world out there and it's
boring so don't feel bad unfortunately
this hits guy like a truck kicking off a
full-blown existential crisis i've been
there guy he storms off and reflects on
how much life or rather not life sucks
guy proceeds to roam the streets
spreading this revelation everything is
fake the street your boobs
seeking guidance guy heads to buddy's
place what would you do if everything
was fake well it don't matter what's
more real than this i'm here having a
conversation trying to help someone i
love and that's all that matters you
know the funny thing is the real world
is just as meaningless as a virtual one
so this is actually fantastic advice
thanks buddy feeling reinvigorated a guy
heads to the stash house with buddy guy
strikes a menacing pose while he waits
for the threat that lies ahead suddenly
chatting 10 pulls up and wonders how
they got here i know your security guard
jimmy his name is luigi this is why it's
important to respect your employees god
demands the video clip and turns out mr
tatum is rather eager to give it up are
you blue shirt guy i'm your biggest fan
turns out he's a dorky streamer yes
that's a redundant statement oh my god
look guys i'm here with blue shirt guy
who are you talking to
that's a classic blue shirt guy line
anyway here's the video man have a good
one guy and buddy walk away while
channing hits a couple fortnite dances
snakey man
no afterwards a guy pays a visit to
millie's place but finds her lifeless
avatar instead he rambles on and on
until
oh hey i got the thing before the plot
continues we have a few more internet
celebrity cameos to run through
i hate this moving on we cut to the
tsunami office where antoine can be seen
storming in he's done a complete 180 on
blue shirt guy all these streaming
people are giving him so much attention
that it's taking away from the free city
2 release sales are down 60 percent
that's bad he demands he be kicked out
of the game but he steps in revealing
that that won't be possible he's an npc
you can't do that then mouser chimes in
well we could just reboot the server
that should set him back to default a
solution mouser gets to work on that
while we check back in with guy he sits
with millie in the gamer lounges they
inspect the videotape we can see
channing dancing centrally while
overlooking a gorgeous paradise that
paradise is from life itself this is
proof that antoine used the game's code
and tried to hide it then guy realizes
something i've seen this place before he
can share further mouser hits the reboot
no the entire world stops in time for
guy he walks out and we get a chance to
appreciate the pure chaos of the city
though it doesn't last long just like my
incognito tabs the city soon gets wiped
from history we can see on milli's end
that the servers have gone down but they
quickly come back up she logs back in
and searches for guy hey guy remember me
nope oh boy feeling defeated millie
longs off and storms out however keys
hits her up and gives her hope at home
she reviews a video he made explaining
things apparently despite the server
reset what makes guys special is still
in there after reviewing the files keys
realized that guy meeting millie set off
a chain reaction inside his code all it
would take to bring him back is a
similar event oh okay i have an idea
just like that guy's memories come back
come on let me show you something he
takes her back to his place and shows
her his blinds turns out you can still
see the reflection of the life itself
game huh interesting using this
knowledge keys is able to locate the
other game they plot to cross over using
a bridge that keys will spawn in but
there's one problem once antoine catches
wind of this he's gonna throw everything
he has at them guy chimes in what if he
doesn't have anything to throw we cut to
guy and millie meeting with all the npcs
guy delivers an inspiring speech waking
them up to the fact that the world
doesn't have to be so cruel he points to
millie's world as an example how many
banks were robbed a day in your world
not really and i bet there's no gun
violence either well about that okay
moving on the npcs go along with the
plan proceeding with the city-wide
strike afterwards the various internet
nobodies can be seen commenting on this
anomaly and who's watching them ant one
is he also learns that millie is behind
this after an employee shows him some
footage of guy when guy went to snatch
the video he name dropped millie molotov
girl's real name antoine turns to mouser
for help give him five stars put the
cops on him i can't sir all the npcs are
on strike well i don't know turn off
responses start messing [ __ ] up mouser
obliges as guide drives off with millie
the buildings begin to close in on them
to make matters worse mouser launches a
car or two of their way guy swerves
speeds and dodges his way past the
hazards but the end is near for him
suddenly keys comes in clutch spawning
in a ramp guy makes it out by the skin
of his teeth as antoine learns of kei's
lingering presence he has a security
search for him while signaling to the
art team that it's time bring out the
new and improved guy but sir he's not
ready yet do it meanwhile guy and millie
make it to the beach and keys gets
captured him and ant won't have a heated
conversation about the stolen code
before keys makes his final play
back in the game one of the buildings
begins to break apart as it's
reconfigured into a bridge then mouser
marches in and informs antoine who
orders him to delete all the players not
wanting to lose his job he goes along
millie gets downgraded to 240p before
completely phasing out of the game and
keys is escorted out of the building but
manages to set all the deleted players
to spectator mode viewers from across
the world watch on with baited breath as
guy barks towards the bridge
oh no it's guy but better the behemoth
beats on guy before buddy pulls up for
backup but he becomes entranced by the
man's booba
with buddy subdued the battle continues
antoine has the developers activated
death punch but guy counters with
captain america shield oh hell yeah
then we get some lightsaber action and a
gravity gun however it's not enough to
overcome the power of being yoked out of
your
mind while being squeezed to death a guy
gets an assist from buddy now equipped
with his glasses guy searches for
something helpful though he gets an even
better idea
oh shiny the beast giddily runs off
collecting all the virtual goodies that
cross his path now when obstructed guy
proceeds onto the bridge with buddy not
to be outdone antoine storms into the
server room with an axe however keith
spots him and alerts millie antoine
starts chopping away at the servers
causing chunks of free city to be
permanently destroyed guy and buddy
continue to run while the bridge begins
to break apart unfortunately the carnage
soon catches up to them creating a chasm
between the two friends buddy and [ __ ]
continues on without him but guy can't
leave his buddy behind sadly he soon has
no choice as buddy gets thanos snapped
out of existence but that's okay guy
makes it he lands on what appears to be
a paradise as the npcs that survive look
on back in the real world millie finally
pulls up to the server room antoine has
busted all the servers except one
conveniently that's the one that holds
the life at south island milly pleads
with him to leave it and offers him a
deal you can have all the rights to free
city and all its sequels that's a
terrible deal for you i'll take it some
time elapses and we learned that keys
and millie made it out on top free city
2 was a commercial failure while their
game took off millie hops into the new
world and greets guy before bidding her
farewell though guy beats her to the
bunch i don't know if it's my
programming but i love you millie that
being said you can't be spending all
your time in here plus i have a
suspicion that i'm really just some sort
of love letter i think the author is
somewhere out there waiting for you
suddenly millie realizes why guy has all
these things in common with her she
searches up guys files and finds a video
of keys explaining his character you see
i designed this guy to be in love and
what better inspiration than the girl i
was in love with millie immediately runs
out in search of keys she finds him and
they simply stare at each other from
across the street she smiles with teary
eyes as keys realizes she knows then
they embrace for a kiss
thanks again for sponsoring this video
keeps if your name is jacob matthew
michael or james then you gotta check
out the link in the description